Add a note to announce the changes in application role audience behavior. (#4618)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/api-authorization.md

    1. If the choice is set to **Application**, all application roles created for the application appear under **Assigned Roles**. Click the **X** icon if you wish to delete an application role. Click **New Role** if you wish to add more roles.

    2. Selecting **Organization** allows applications to consume organization-level roles.

    !!! warning
        If you switch the role audience to **Organization**, application roles created for the application will be permanently deleted.
    !!! note

>         In versions prior to update level 25, users were required to manually assign organization-level roles to the application when role audience is organization. This behavior has been changed. Now, all organization-level roles are automatically assigned to the application by default. If you are experiencing the old behavior, please download the updated [product pack](https://wso2.com/identity-server/) to get this updated functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        In WSO2 Identity Server versions prior to update level 25, if the application's role audience is set to organization, users were required to manually assign organization-level roles to the application . This behavior has since changed. Now, all organization-level roles are automatically assigned to the application by default. If you are experiencing the previous behavior, download the updated [product pack](https://wso2.com/identity-server/) to receive the latest changes.
```

Reviewer: Please enclose this note within an if condition as this is not relevant to Asgardeo.

{% if product_name == ""WSO2 Identity Server" %}
note....
{% endif %}

Author: ack
